hey guys so today I want to take a look
at the su flick cover
fight on 600 milliamp extended battery
case for the Samsung Galaxy s4 and this
one comes from anchor over here and this
is how it looks it's a black colored
edition here you can see that you have
this window here and this little nice
edge up here as well and then you also
have this nice little pattern here I
guess you can call it what I like about
this case is it has an a magnetic little
thing here so you don't have to worry
about that it will pop up or anything it
will stay closed which is very nice they
have some kind of plastic material here
in the back which is coming like the
same as if something is using on their
products on the back this I think that
has kind of like the same feeling and
you have an opening here for the flash
and the camera and then also for the
sound there on the back you have
openings here as well for everything at
the bottom on your s4 and then you have
a nice material here on the inside which
will not damage your device which is
very nice so how this works five
thousand six hundred eighty five
thousand six hundred milliamps so first
you get a normal battery over here which
is the same size as some things own
original battery so you replace your
something original battery with this one
which is two thousand six hundred
milliamps or they are 2006 under my arms
and then it has a little thing here on
top where you will have the option to
this one this is not something that the
original battery has but this is to
connect the other part and piece of the
battery which is inside of this case
which is 3000 milliamp so if you add
that up then it becomes five thousand
six hundred milliamps and you can see at
this case of course it starts off a
little bit so of course it will be a
little bit bulkier and then if you
wouldn't have this but hey five thousand
six hundred milliamps it
is at least twice the amount of battery
inside of an s4 so just go and replace
the battery here on the back there we go
fits just like a normal battery and then
what we do here is we just put it in
here fits very nicely
and you can see here how easily it is
closing I mean here it is snap okay here
we go
so you can just close it pretty quick
and it's blocking something close very
nice let's see you do it
oh wow that's pretty nice you can see
here pretty hard here to reach the
buttons while I'm up and down see your
problem I'm gonna use it that much when
you have it closed
you have opening here as I said to
charge it you can see that this screen
launches when you fire it up and then it
turns off when you close it you know
this little window here of course so now
more battery a well woah now how does
this feel on this side a little bit you
can feel this one a little bit too close
but you can still easily push the button
but that's one little thing there is you
might think about and still even though
it's a little bit bulky it still feels
not super to much big and it kind of has
like a interesting look I think that it
goes down over here and then goes down
here then also on this sides has a
pretty interesting curve here and also
that they use two different materials to
make the front side look a little bit
more exclusive looking here thank you
cans quickly glance there at what's
going on but especially this magnetic
little thing is something that you enjoy
a ton because I hate when you have these
slipcovers that doesn't close fully but
this one will I mean it will stay closed
because of this little magnet little
thing so quickly look here at the
anchors new SPF lick cover case here
which is with four thousand six hundred
milliamps in total so if you wanna check
it out I will leave a link incision to
that so hopefully did enjoy this video
if you did please you like enough levels
you all in the next one
piece off